Title: Kaggle Competitions
Date: 2019-2-26
Category: Notes

As of our meeting today, we have officially started our inner-club kaggle
competitions. Everyone is invited to join in!

There are two ongoing competitions: **project 0** - [titanic](https://www.kaggle.com/c/titanic)
and **project 1** - [house
prices](https://www.kaggle.com/c/house-prices-advanced-regression-techniques).
Project 0 is intended for anyone new to data science. It's a relatively simple sample kaggle
competition, so it's a good place for people to become familiar with relevant
tools, basic DS concepts, and the procedure for participating in a kaggle
competition. Project 1 is a little bit more difficult, and a better place to
experiment with a wider variety of ML techniques.

For both of these competitions, we have two teams: Team Cyan and Team Orange.
The competitions will run until our next meeting (one or two weeks after spring
break), at which point for each competition, whichever team has the highest
scoring submission will earn a small prize for each of its members. If you
didn't get a chance to come to the meeting to sign up, please feel free to
message me either on our discord server or shoot me an email at
namartinda42@students.tntech.edu. Let me know which project you'd like to work
on (you're absolutely allowed to work on both if you wish) and which team you
want to be part of.

As new people join, I will add roles to your user on discord for your respective
project(s) and team - this will give you access to private chat groups for you
to discuss strategies, share code, and so forth. Similarly, once you're ready,
create a kaggle account and join the respective kaggle competitions above, and
send me your username. We will then add you to the correct kaggle team. (Orange
teams are being managed by Katie, and cyan teams are being managed by myself.)

Feel free to message me with any questions or comments!

### Kaggle API

During the meeting I demoed the kaggle API, which allows you to interact with
kaggle from the commandline. This can be installed via: `pip install kaggle`

More information can be found at [their
github](https://github.com/Kaggle/kaggle-api).
